# Lunist
Todoist --> Lunatask task synchronization

## Idea

When you have a bit of a disorganized brain like I do, in order to get anything
done you need to be able to dump everything you're thinking about as soon as you
think about it so that it doesn't derail you from the task at hand. For this,
there's nothing better than todoist, but one of the results is that Todoist end
up ballooning with tasks.

On the other hand, lunar task is a beautiful and streamlined task management app
which helps prioritize the tasks that are important and actually block out tasks
in schedules alongside habits and other calendar appointments. The problem with
it is that if you try to use it to dump all of your ideas into it quite quickly
becomes unwieldy with the hundreds of tasks that rapidly accumulate.

If you don't have ADHD, probably you would be fine with just lunatas or just
Todoist, however if you were someone who is neuro spicy, the two together
actually makes the most sense.

Unfortunately, I don't have a ton of time to do this really well but I do need
something sooner rather than later. So this code was initially generated by
ChatGPT as a skeleton and then modified to make a simple cron job that gets what
I need done.

Ideally, eventually it should have a web interface and allow task and project
and priority mapping through the web interface more secure storage of API tokens
and two way synchronization. Right now it's really just to do is to learn a
task, I'm thinking of adding a way to complete Todoist tasks once they have been
checked off in Luna task or add an option where once tasks are sent to LUNA task
they disappear from Todoist but I haven't done either yet.

## Issues and support

Please feel free to open issues or pull requests but note that I am a medical
resident and have very minimal time to do actual programming work, so it may be
a long time before I'm able to pull the pull requests in. If anyone else is
interested in co-maintaining this project please reach out to me. As long as you
aren't crazy and have some experience with Python code, I'd be happy to give you
rights to edit the code directly.
